Migration 5 (#104)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/type-definitions/types/interfaces.adoc

== Creating an interface field

> The following schema defines a `Actor` type, that has a relationship `ACTED_IN`, of type `[Production!]!`. `Production` is an interface type with `Movie` and `Series` implementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following schema defines an `Actor` type, that has a relationship `ACTED_IN`, of type `[Production!]!`.
`Production` is an interface type with `Movie` and `Series` implementations.
```

}
----

> The query below will only return the movies with title starting with "The " for each actor by filtering by `typename_IN`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following query will only return the movies with title starting with "The " for each actor by filtering them by `typename_IN`:
```
